[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the entire kingdom inside
a powerful barrier
known as the "Birdcage."
Amidst the chaos,
he also put prices
on the heads of Luffy
and his allies.
As the Don Quixote Family
tightens its defenses,
Luffy makes a mad dash to the
palace to defeat Doflamingo.
[LAW]
His name was Corazon.
He was a former top executive
in the Don Quixote Family.
[LUFFY gasps]
Mingo killed his own friend?
Corazon was the man
who saved my life.
But to Doflamingo,
he was more than a member
of the Don Quixote Family.
He was his younger brother.
Viola, wait. Why place
your faith in them?
They're criminals.
That's fine.
Our kingdom must be broken
down and its lies exposed.
They'll do that.
I trust them. That's why, I...
I'm betting everything
on the Straw Hats.
Please believe me.
The Usolanders, or rather,
the Straw Hats,
are the greatest hope
that Dressrosa's got!
Even though they're pirates,
I'll trust them and cheer
them on 'til the very end!
[JEET] This is it, Straw Hat!
We're about to reach the bottom!
Yeah, we're the
first ones to make it!
We get dibs on beating up Mingo!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Fire Salute!
Okay! Now pick up the pace!
Are you ready?
[BULL moos]
[LUFFY]
Let's go!
"A Big Collision!
Chief of Staff
Sabo vs. Admiral Fujitora!"
[yells]
[ALL yell]
[CHIN JAO]
Doflamingo!
[DELLINGER]
This is wrong! Ahh! Wrong!
How did those muscle heads
make it this far, this fast?
[DELLINGER]
We were supposed to have
thousands of Marines down there!
Maybe they're sleep-een.
I could understand them
getting past the troops,
but Bastille and Fujitora were
supposed to be there, too!
Are these guys crazy strong
and somehow we didn't know?
Is that all they
have to stop us?
The Don Quixote Family is weak!
We'll reach their boss
in no time! Yee Ow!
I'm first! Get outta my way!
[FARUL neighs]
Now, let's rise
with grace, Farul!
For this is the
stairway to stardom!
[GLADIUS]
Stupid, useless Navy.
There's more coming.
Huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
I have a report!
Straw Hat Luffy has arrived
at the base of the--
[groans]
All right, Gum-Gum... Gatling!
Move it!
[ALL groan]
No one stands before Straw Hat!
Only an idiot would
dare get in his way!
Huh? The idiots behind me
can hit the road, too!
We know you don't mean that!
C'mon, Straw Hat,
we're here to help you!
You're our buddy!
I'm stuck with them, aren't I?
Die, Straw Hat!
It's over!
Right here, right now!
Gum-Gum... Stamp Gatling!
[BOTH] Yeah! Now that's
what I'm talking about, buddy!
[LUFFY] I'm coming for you now,
Mingo! Watch out!
I'm sorry, sir.
We-- We tried,
but he's too tough.
[GLADIUS]
Straw Hat!
Ahh! They are so done for!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
Uh, the coliseum
group is on its way.
[FARUL neighs]
[CAVENDISH]
Ha!
[chuckles]
[IDEO] Here we go!
Destruction... Cannon!
I'm coming! Hya!
[MACHVISE] What are you
idiots do-een down there?
We are supposed to be win-een
this game, not lose-een!
Can't stop one man,
you bunch of goons?
That's "goons" with a capital G!
It's looking grim,
with a capital G!
Good luck, with a capital G!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
He can keep saying "G,"
but it's not gonna help!
We're no match for
those guys. Huh?
[yells]
Ow! Hey, jerk!
Watch out! Meat head!
One less weakling!
Why should I care?
What was that?
[CAVENDISH]
Au revoir!
You two can stand there
bickering all day,
but I must repay my debt to
God Usopp and his friends!
Also, I want to see my face
on tomorrow's newspapers!
Enjoy your little war--
I'm sure that'll work out
just great for you! [laughs]
Damn it! Bastard's right.
We have a debt to repay, too!
Ah! They're all getting closer!
Those coliseum guys
are moving, too!
I can see that, Dellinger.
It seems like there's something
holding up the Navy.
[DELLINGER]
What is it?
I don't suppose,
if I asked nicely,
you'd move out of my way?
Prob'ly not.
[SABO] I stand with
the Straw Hat Pirates.
And with those who have
risen up to join them.
So if you, or any
of your friends,
want to lay a finger on them,
you're not taking another step.
Not on my watch.
Giving cover to pirates?
Is that the
Revolutionary Army's job?
[SABO]
It is now.
And I think I can say that,
as chief of staff.
Moreso. I say that...
...as a brother. Ha.
I see. Though that
begs the question of
who your dear sibling might be.
Don't bother.
I know he's our enemy, but you'd
only be wasting ammunition.
[MARINE C]
But Vice Admiral!
Your leader's right.
None of you stand a chance.
Even if all of you
attacked me at once.
I wouldn't feel a thing.
Yeah, we'll see!
[MARINE E]
Nice shot!
Serves you right for looking
down on us! Little punk! [gasps]
Huh?
I told you so.
[SABO] I ate the Flame Flame
Fruit, if you didn't know.
I don't care what
kinda power you got--
The Navy's not gonna lose
just 'cause of one guy
with a stupid pipe!
I'm telling you, don't shoot!
Fire!
Keep it up men!
Don't let him breathe!
Why won't you listen to me?
[MARINES yell]
[MARINE I screams]
What the hell, man?
Nobody's fingers
should be that strong!
These are claws.
[SABO grunts]
Fire Fist!
[MARINES scream]
[SABO grunts]
Get back!
[MARINES scream]
[chuckles]
[BASTILLE]
He ate a Logia Fruit.
Physical attacks go
straight through him.
[MARINE N]
Logia?
[MARINE O]
He's a monster.
I admit, this has become
quite the tragedy.
Second in command of
the Revolutionary Army.
To think we let someone
like him get that fruit.
[BASTILLE] Step aside! You'd
better leave this one to me!
I'll destroy you!
--[BOTH gasp]
--Get down!
That Shark-Cleaver of yours
is the real deal, huh?
You brat!
[grunts]
Like trying to catch a damn cat.
Well, better hold on, kitty,
'cause I'm about to
clip those claws of yours!
A cat, huh? These are
the claws of a dragon!
Claws that liberate the innocent
and tear down oppressors...
[SABO]
...like you!
He did that with his fingers?
The thing broke in half!
How dare you!
And by the way.
Once these claws
clutch a human skull,
they can shatter it
to pieces like an egg.
Huh?
[gasps]
Well, this is
quite the quandary.
[FUJITORA] I brought down a
meteor, but come to think of it,
the Birdcage is likely to cut it
into pieces before it gets here.
--Uh-oh.
--Run away!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Ah man. I should've
thought through that one.
I've made a real mess of things.
I don't even know where
all the pieces went.
I hope I didn't
harm any civilians.
Warn us before you drop
a meteor next time! It's scary!
I brought down
a meteor, real sorry.
Too late!
[ALL]
Vice Admiral!
You realize this
could get terribly ugly.
[SABO] I know Admirals
are nothing to scoff at,
but that was one
hell of a trick.
I'm still getting
used to my new powers.
I'm lucky I was
able to ward that off.
[MARINES gasp]
Vice Admiral!
Are you all right, sir?
You really have caused
quite the mess.
Wh-- Not half as much as you!
A moment ago, if I remember,
you mentioned your
duty as a brother.
[SABO]
Yeah.
I can't help but be
reminded of Fire Fist Ace.
When he possessed
your same power,
before he died at Marineford,
he said that Straw Hat Luffy
was his brother,
though not by blood.
So are you also his brother?
Lemme tell you guys a secret.
[ACE]
All it takes to become brothers
is to share some saké!
[ALL]
Brothers!
The three of us
exchanged a cup of saké.
Even in death,
our bond will never break.
I must say, that's
a rather troublesome
little family you've got there.
One of them is enough!
An upstart with
a massive bounty.
[MARINE AB] A former commander
of the Whitebeard Pirates.
[MARINE AB]
And the chief of staff
from the Revolutionary Army?
[SABO]
Mark my words.
No matter where I am.
No matter what I'm doing.
Even if I must
abandon my duties.
The moment that Luffy
needs my help, I'll be there.
I won't let him down.
[SABO screams]
--[KOALA] Sabo!
--[HACK] Sabo!
[SABO screams]
[SABO]
Never again.
I think I've asked
enough questions.
Hardly any point.
Sorry. Was I boring you?
I like a story better when I can
enjoy it with a cup of saké.
[SABO]
Luffy.
[SABO] You'll always be
our little brother.
[SABO yells]
[MARINES gasp]
[SABO] Luffy, I swear.
I'll protect you!
[NARRATOR]
Robin, Rebecca, and Bartolomeo
take a ride on Tontatta Airlines
as they rush to get
the handcuff key to Law.
Meanwhile, Luffy gets
sidetracked on his mad dash
to the palace and happens
upon a hidden passage.
But the would-be
shortcut may give him
more trouble than
he bargained for.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Desperate Situation!
Luffy Gets Caught in a Trap!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!